.\" The MIT License (MIT)
.\" Copyright © 2013 Steve Buzonas <steve@fancyguy.com>
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
.\" of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal
.\" in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
.\" to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
.\" copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.\"
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
.\" all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
.\" THE SOFTWARE.
.TH MULTIWAN 5 2013-12-21 "FancyGuy Technologies" "Linux Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
multiwan \- the multi wan connection failover tool
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B /etc/multiwan.conf
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
This file is required in order for the script to function properly.
.LP
The different configuration options are:
.TP
\fBPING_TARGET\fP
IP address or domain name to ping.  The script relies on a service
to always be available.
.TP
\fBPING_TIMEOUT\fP
Ping timeout in seconds
.TP
\fBSUCCESS_COUNT\fP
Number of consecutive successful ping attempts before considering the link to be \fIup\fP.
.TP
\fBFAILURE_COUNT\fP
Number of consecutive failed ping attempts before considering the link to be \fIdown\fP.
.TP
\fBWAN_IF1\fP
The interface name for the first external network connection.
.TP
\fBWAN_IF2\fP
The interface name for the second external network connection.
.TP
\fBWAN_GW1\fP
The gateway address to route traffic through the interface specified in \fIWAN_IF1\fP.
.TP
\fBWAN_GW2\fP
The gateway address to route traffic through the interface specified in \fIWAN_IF2\fP.
.TP
\fBWAN_WEIGHT1\fP
The route weight for the interface specified in \fIWAN_IF1\fP.
.TP
\fBWAN_WEIGHT2\fP
The route weight for the interface specified in \fIWAN_IF2\fP.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
multiwan(8), ip(8)
